Links to Logo and Graphics
https://netorgft1378857-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/greg_rvataxservice_com/ElBgbg03E-xKtRLITQ3pSekBiAJaEIiXZrIKMXL80-z6dQ?e=zZlNuB

Shutterstock
user: greg@taxplanadvisors.com
pass: 82nd1977B26!@#


Accounting Services
As a small business owner, your time is better spent on running day-to-day operations than on accounting and bookkeeping. Get a full package of accounting services to manage the financial side of your business from Capital City Accounting. We'll make sure you have detailed financial statements at your fingertips, so that you can make critical business decisions in a timely fashion. We'll also be on hand to discuss financial concerns and provide reliable advice.

Incorporation and New Business Advisory
When we assist with the startup process, you'll incorporate your new business so its poised to be profitable and able to track how every dollar is being used.

Outsourced Accounting and Bookkeeping
We'll take over whatever accounting and bookkeeping tasks are bogging you down, so you have more time to run your business.

Outsourced CFO and Controller Services
Pay for just what you need with outsourced CFO and controller services and get the direction needed to make your business more profitable.

Payroll Services
Complete payroll processing services for your small business including direct deposits, customized reporting, and all payroll tax filings.

Small Business Accounting and Bookkeeping
We know that the financial details matter when operating a small business, so we supply a complete package of accounting and bookkeeping services.

Ready to get started? Give us a call at 804-349-7855 or email us at admin@capitalcityaccounting.com to  request a free strategy session.



Tax Services
Our firm is highly skilled in tax mitigation and income tax preparation services. The tax code is complicated, and the slightest adjustment could result in you losing tons of thousands of dollars. We make sure that business and personal tax returns are filed correctly.

Business Tax Preparation
Our tax preparation specialists will skillfully prepare and file your business tax return. We deliver fast and accurate service at affordable rates.

Income Tax Preparation for Individuals
When a real local accountant prepares your tax return, you'll get the best possible result. Find out how we can get your taxes completed quickly and easily.

From routine income tax returns to multi-state tax planning and corporate taxes for businesses, our tax reduction techniques are reliable, legal, and effective. Call us now at 804-349-7855 to learn more or request your free consultation at admin@capitalcityaccounting.com to get started.

Primary Value Proposition
Capital City Accounting is the partner small business owners count on for accurate accounting services, smart bookkeeping solutions, and valuable tax strategies. As a business owner who's in charge of so much, managing your finances can become complicated and tedious, even with the best accounting software. Let us take these important tasks off your shoulders and design a coordinated plan to maximize revenues while you focus on the daily operations of your business. We'll keep you updated with the relevant financial data your business requires to run smoothly, limit expenses, and capitalize on new opportunities. With our powerful financial guidance and support, your business won't just make it, it will thrive.
Give your business an edge by teaming up with a local CPA firm that's experienced in working with small businesses. Call us at 804-349-7855 or request a free consultation at admin@capitalcityaccounting.com and we'll put together a complete package of accounting and tax services designed to match the needs of your business.




About Us
Choosing a partner with uncompromising integrity to oversee your accounting functions is essential when running a small business. Discover why so many business owners in the Richmond, VA area trust a CPA firm, that's part of their community, Capital City Accounting. We have a reputation for providing quality accounting services and money-saving tax strategies coupled with excellent customer support.
We are committed to helping every client succeed so we work alongside you throughout each stage of your business from inception to maturity. Together, we'll negotiate the path to reach your financial and business goals. 

Oleg Gorbaty, CPA
Oleg is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) licensed in Virginia. He has experience in internal auditing, banking, tax preparation, and financial reporting. Oleg earned a Bachelor of Business in Accountancy from Virginia Commonwealth University. Oleg is a member of the VA Society of CPA’s and has years of public accounting experience. While working in the banking and mortgage industry he maintained a private practice providing tax and accounting services to hundreds of clients. Oleg has worked as an accountant with high profile companies, such as Keiter, Cherry Bekaert, and Suntrust. When Oleg is not working with clients, he enjoys the outdoors, spending time with family, and trading options in the market.

Gregory G. Bourque
After six years of active U.S. military service Greg returned to Richmond, Virginia and worked in the private franchise sector for ten years specializing in operations management, business development, rehabilitating underperforming locations, and new business startups. Greg has founded and lead the expansion of private real estate investment and consumer goods companies.
Currently Greg is a Partner at Capital City Accounting LLP, a Virginia based accounting firm. Providing comprehensive accounting services to its clients. Greg has worked in the accounting, tax, and financial planning space since 2012 and was previously the CFO of Grand Capital Ventures Inc. and CEO of Alaska Pacific Energy Corp and its subsidiaries.
Greg is an advisory board member to the non-profits, Chesterfield / Colonial Heights Crime Solvers and Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA). He is a member of the National Association of Tax Professionals, and National Society of Enrolled Agents. Greg has a B.A. in Business Administration from Averett University and M.S. in Accounting from Liberty University. Currently Greg is pursuing a Master of Science in Finance concentrated in Corporate Finance and Financial Decision Making from the University of Miami. With this foundation Greg plans to sit the Chartered Financial Analyst designation (CFA). 
Greg is married to his wife Ninfa of thirteen years, and they have two boys. 
